ANNE FRANK was born on June 12, 1929. She died while imprisoned at
Bergen-Belsen, three months short of her sixteenth birthday. OTTO H. FRANK was
the only member of his immediate framily to survive the Holocaust. He died in 1980.
MIRJAM PRESSLER is a popular writer of books for young adults. She lives in
Germany.
Translated by Susan Massotty.
-- : --
FOREWORD
Anne Frank kept a diary from June 12, 1942, to August 1, 1944. Initially, she wrote
it strictly for herself. Then, one day in 1944, Gerrit Bolkestein, a member of the
Dutch government in exile, announced in a radio broadcast from London that after the
war he hoped to collect eyewitness accounts of the suffering of the Dutch people
under the German occupation, which could be made available to the public. As an
example, he specifically mentioned letters and diaries.
Impressed by this speech, Anne Frank decided that when the war was over she would
publish a book based on her diary. She began rewriting and editing her diary,
improving on the text, omitting passages she didn't think were interesting enough and
adding others from memory. At the same time, she kept up her original diary. In the
scholarly work The Diary of Anne Frank: The Critical Edition (1989), Anne's first,
unedited diary is referred to as version a, to distinguish it from her second, edited
diary, which is known as version b.
The last entry in Anne's diary is dated August 1, 1944. On August 4, 1944, the eight
people hiding in the Secret Annex were arrested. Miep Gies and Bep Voskuijl, the two
secretaries working in the building, found Anne's diaries strewn allover the floor. ,Miep
Gies tucked them away in a desk drawer for safekeeping. After the war, when it
became clear that Anne was dead, she gave the diaries, unread, to Anne's father, Otto
Frank.
After long deliberation, Otto Frank decided to fulfill his daughter's wish and publish
her diary. He selected material from versions a and b, editing them into a shorter
version later referred to as version c. Readers all over the world know this as The
Diary of a fauna Girl.
In making his choice, Otto Frank had to bear several points in mind. To begin with,the book had to be kept short so that it would fit in with a series put out by the
Dutch publisher. In addition, several passages dealing with Anne's sexuality were
omitted; at the time of the diary's initial publication, in 1947, it was not customary to
write openly about sex, and certainly not in books for young adults. Out of respect for
the dead, Otto Frank also omitted a number of unflattering passages about his wife and
the other residents of the Secret Annex. Anne Frank, who was thirteen when she
began her diary and fifteen when she was forced to stop, wrote without reserve about
her likes and dislikes.
When Otto Frank died in 1980, he willed his daughter's manuscripts to the Netherlands
State Institute for War Documentation in Amsterdam. Because the authenticity of the
diary had been challenged ever since its publication, the Institute for War
Documentation ordered a thorough investigation. Once the diary was proved, beyond a
shadow of a doubt, to be genuine, it was published in its entirety, along with the
results of an exhaustive study. The Critical Edition contains not only versions a, band
c, but also articles on the background of the Frank family, the circumstances
surrounding their arrest and deportation, and the examination into Anne's handwriting,
the document and the materials used.
The Anne Frank-Fonds (Anne Frank Foundation) in Basel (Switzerland),. which as
Otto Frank's sole heir had also inherited his daughter's copyrights, then decided to
have anew, expanded edition of the diary published for general readers. This new
edition in no way affects the integrity of the old one originally edited by Otto Frank,
which brought the diary and its message to millions of people. The task of compthng
the expanded edition was given to the writer and translator Mirjam Pressler. Otto
Frank's original selection has now been supplemented with passages from Anne's a and
b versions. Mirjam Pressler's definitive edition, approved by the Anne Frank-Fonds,
contains approximately 30 percent more material and is intended to give the reader
more insight into the world of Anne Frank.
In writing her second version (b), Anne invented pseudonyms for the people who
would appear in her book. She initially wanted to call herself Anne Aulis, and later
Anne Robin. Otto Frank opted to call his family by their own names and to follow
Anne's wishes with regard to the others. Over the years, the identity of the people
who helped the family in the Secret Annex has become common knowledge. In this
edition, the helpers are now referred to by their real names, as they so justly deserve
to be. All other persons are named in accordance with the pseudonyms in The Critical
Edition. The Institute for War Documentation has arbitrarily assigned initials to those
persons wishing to remain anonymous.
The real names of the other people hiding in the Secret Annex are:THE VAN PELS FAMILY
(from Osnabriick, Germany):
Auguste van Pels (born September 9, 1890)
Hermann van Pels (born March 31, 1889)
Peter van Pels (born November 8, 1926)
Called by Anne, in her manuscript: Petronella, Hans and Alfred van Daan; and in the
book: Petronella, Hermann and Peter van Daan.
FRITZ PFEFFER
(born April 30, 1889, in Giessen, Germany):
Called by Anne, in her manuscript and in the book: Alfred Dussel.
The reader may wish to bear in mind that much of this edition is based on the b
version of Anne's diary, which she wrote when she was around fifteen years old.
Occasionally, Anne went back and commented on a passage she had written earlier.
These comments are clearly marked in this edition. Naturally, Anne's spelling and
linguistic errors have been corrected. Otherwise, the text has basically been left as
she wrote it, since any attempts at editing and clarification would be inappropriate in a
historical document.
-- : --
I hope I will be able to confide everything to you, as I have never been able to
confide in anyone, and I hope you will be a great source of comfort and support.
-- : --
June 12, 1942
I hope I will be able to confide everything to you, as I have never been able to
confide in anyone, and I hope you will be a great source of comfort and support.
COMMENT ADDED BY ANNE ON SEPTEMBER 28, 1942: So far you truly have been
a areat source of comfort to me, and so has Kitty, whom I now write to regularly.
This way of keeping a diary is much nicer, and now I can hardly wait for those
moments when I'm able to write in you. Oh, I'm so alad I brought you along!